Well today I'm going to start working on the straps here over the chest and around the back.
I think what I can do is extend this on down and then extrude out from the main strap the one around
the side and by doing this I'm going to establish the number of edges that is going to come out from
this and out around here so I've got to be very mindful of the edges that I'm creating and yes I can
move them around and create new ones and things like that but I'm going to really try and use this to
establish the number of edges so as extrude down here I've got one here one here one here etc. So let's
see if I can do that.
Be Kind of like a high wire act here.
Let's see what actually happens.
I'm going to switch to edge mode and slick these two edges I think.
And these are the ones I think I'd like to extrude out for this so I'll just take one of these and move
it a bit over here like this and I'll move this to be kind of as wide as the strap is here.
So then it's just going to be this edge.
That's what's going to come down and be this main strap.
So I've still got snapping on down here.
Let's see if this will work for me or find if I need to turn it off.
So I'll just press the e key and begin extruding out.
So here is that first edge I think here and hit you again.
There's that second edge.
The next one
the next one in here.
Now I'm going to need edges to extrude out for this strap so I'll just come to here.
And then extrude all the way up to here.
I think it's going over that piece.
I don't want it to really do that per se so let me turn that off and turn off my x ray for a moment
and just move that back in I'll press alt spacebar to go to the orientation menu and click global and
then I'll just move that straight back like that and then I'll begin extruding down again now.
I'll go ahead and turn snapping back on and I'll hit E and bring this down.
This Edge is going to extend around the side so I'll go ahead and hit me.
Bring this one.
The
and let's go ahead and do one more on down to the belt here.
Now I may need to come in and try and snap these points a little better now.
They don't appear to be right on the object which is fine that's understandable.
Let's go ahead and extrude on around the strap to the back of the character.
Now let's all go back to edge mode and I'll select this edge I'll just hit the Z key to go into wireframe
and I'll go ahead and hit E and extrude this like that.
And there we go.
So now we can continue on around so I'll hit easy and here.
And I'm just trying to get these polygons relatively the same size as I go around the number of polygons
may change as we go depending on what is needed to connect everything up.
But for now I'm going to try and just get them all the same size.
And then we go I'll snap a couple of these points
and there we go.
So now we've got the strap going back around the character.
Now we need to go back and do this the same thing over here.
So once again I'll take one of these edges and just move it to the side a bit to get the width of that
strap.
And then let's come down the back and once again I'm going to be mindful of the edges I already have.
So I'll just hit me and extrude this.
Now once again I'll come through and begin just snapping a few of these points making sure they're in
the right place.
Now let's connect up to these points right in here so I'll select this one and shift select that and
press alt em and choose at last and I'll snap this on and do the same thing here.
So we've got them all connected
all right.
So for me that gives me kind of a basic frame of the typology that's going to have to happen over here.
I really wanted all of this to be all one piece all connected to the torso of the character one so that
we'd have as few polygons as possible and two so that as the character moved we wouldn't have any overlapping
or bunching up of the straps and the skin and things like that so I just thought it'd be easier to wait
during the skinning process when we're rigging.
So I'm probably causing myself a little bit of extra work here but I think it will save me time in the
rigging process as well.
All right.
So what I'll do now is I'd like to connect this row up and move it down to the chest.
So I'm just going to select these and begin with these first I'm going to hit extrude and just move
these down here like this.
And I don't have I don't have all of these.
All the way to the edge of my strap here so maybe I'll just move that aside.
So.
So now I'll just go ahead and connect these up get the F key and just do that along here.
Yes and then perhaps I'll take this row here and just extrude this out like this.
Connect this piece up with Allt am.
Now I should be able to connect these four up.
So this may need to be a triangle here and this can be a quad here.
So you can see what I'm doing I'm just using the pattern that I've created on the strap as the basis
of how this edge flow is going to come out.
So I'm going to need to do a little bit of adjusting here but I think it's going to work as these come
around.
They'll hook up with a strap like that when we turn on x ray here so we can see it.
Yeah.
So what I'll do is I'll continue working on the strap here and try and begin connecting up the back
and the torso on this side at least and then we'll take a look at working on this arm coming up next.